XVII - FOR EACH OTHER
- AMICIA: Alright, let's go.
- HUGO: Have you got everything?
- AMICIA: Yes. That's all Lucas asked for.
- HUGO: Is Mummy going to get better with this?
- AMICIA: She will be alright, Hugo.
Mummy is tough, isn't she? Just like you.
- HUGO: That's right.
I can't wait for us to find a new castle.
- AMICIA: Well... (LAUGHS)
You've got a taste of a king now.
We'll see what we can do.
We have to leave the region first.
- VILLAGER 1: So, will you be able to go home?
- VILLAGER 2: Yes, the nest is still there,
but it's empty.
- VILLAGER 1: (SIGHS)
I can't believe the rats are gone for good.
- VILLAGER 2: Let's hope they are.
- HUGO: Oh, Amicia, look!
- MAN: Hello, young man!
You're gonna try your hands at shooting?
- HUGO: Not me. My sister is really good.
Right, Amicia?
- AMICIA: Alright, let's have a go.
- MAN: Good, good.
The rule is simple.
You have six stones, six possible shots.
Try to shoot as many targets as possible.
Are you ready?
- AMICIA: Ready.
- HUGO: Go on, Amicia.
(HAMMER HITTING ANVIL
IN THE BACKGROUND)
Yes! (LAUGHS)
Wow...
- MAN: (CLAPPING) Hey-y, you know how to do it
You won an apple.
And all due respect.
- HUGO: (LAUGHS) Yes, Amicia.
- AMICIA: The apple is for you, Hugo.
You're my biggest supporter.
- HUGO: Oh, thanks!
I was hungry.
- AMICIA: As always.
- MAN: Hey...
Did they were celebrating
the third day without rats?
There's a little fair down the street.
Go take a look!
- HUGO: A fair! A real fair!
I've never seen a fair before.
- AMICIA: Hugo, Lucas is waiting for us.
We should be getting back.
- HUGO: But it's a fair. Come on!
- AMICIA: Hugo! (CHUCKLES)
Alright, but we can't stay long.
- VILLAGER 1: We can rebuild the village.
But there will still be empty houses.
- VILLAGER 2: If The Bite leaves us in peace,
people will come back, eventually.
- MAN 1: So is it true?
You're going to deliver grain.
- MAN 2: It's been three days
since we've seen a rat.
We have to get back to work.
- MAN 1: It's true that we don't see anyone
in the view anymore.
What a misery.
- MAN 2: Precisely.
The nobles, the lords,
do you think they'll get their hands dirty?
Never.
- MAN 1: But they do have money.
And if they want to eat...
...they'll have to pay us.
A lot more.
- MAN 2: Hey... But you're right.
- MAN 1: I'm telling you.
Everything was changed.
The rats were a necessary evil.
- VILLAGER 1: Hey, look!
- VILLAGER 2: Oh...
- VILLAGER 1: That's the young boy.
- AMICIA: Oh no.
- MAN: No, no, boy.
You just can't come in.
- HUGO: But why?
- MAN: Because you can't. That's why.
- AMICIA: Hey, is there a problem?
- MAN: (SCOFFS) Look, the problem is
a kid and his sister are wanted around here.
By important people.
And we... (SOFT SIGHS) Well we...
We just don't want any trouble here.
You understand?
- AMICIA: I can see very well.
Hugo, we have to go.
- HUGO: But the fair...
- AMICIA: Come on.
Hey, Hugo.
- HUGO: What?
- AMICIA: The first one to arrive
at the cart wins 20 apples.
- HUGO: 20 apples?
- AMICIA: You'll never beat me.
Right, slug?
- HUGO: What?
You'll see.
- AMICIA: Oh yeah?
Then on three.
One.
Two.
- HUGO: Three!
- AMICIA: Hey... (LAUGHS)
(MAIN THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm right behind you.
- HUGO: You can't beat me.
(LAUGHS)
- AMICIA: Alright, alright.
You won.
- HUGO: Yes! 20 apples.
- AMICIA: We made it, Lucas.
- LUCAS: Did you have everything?
...
- AMICIA: All of it. Let's go.
- LUCAS: Good.
- HUGO: Amicia...
- AMICIA: Yes?
- HUGO: Why are they looking
at me like that?
Mélie looked at me the same way.
Then she left.
Because she doesn't like me anymore.
- AMICIA: Hugo, she...
She has other things to do.
- HUGO: That's not true.
It just doesn't matter.
- LUCAS: (COMMANDS THE HORSES)
- AMICIA: Is she going to sleep much longer?
- LUCAS: She has to get her strength back.
With the herbs you bought, she'll soon ...
- AMICIA: Alright.
Hey, Hugo.
- HUGO: What?
- AMICIA: Do you think I'm pretty?
- HUGO: (LAUGHS)
You're ugly. Really ugly!
(LAUGHS)
- AMICIA: (GASPS) Ugly? Me?
- HUGO: You look like a big fat fly.
- AMICIA: (GASPS) A fly? Your own sister?
Urhh... Such a slur-required punishment!
(LAUGHTERS)
- HUGO: Lucas!
- LUCAS: Hey!
(CREDIT MUSIC PLAYING)